Update README.md to include authenticate_request (#70)
clerk/clerk-sdk-python: README.md

- [PyCharm Pydantic Plugin](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/integrations/pycharm/)
<!-- End IDE Support [idesupport] -->

## Authenticate Request

> Use `authenticate_request` to authenticate backend requests in Django, Flask, and other Python web frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `authenticate_request` to authenticate a request from your app's frontend (when using a Clerk frontend SDK) to a Python backend (Django, Flask, and other Python web frameworks).
```
